in the United Kingdom there's British
English and in the United States there's
American English in Singapore we have
Singapore and English or more commonly
known as Singlish you can usually hear
Singlish used for informal conversations
and might be confused by its different
standards of English so how exactly is
English different from British and
American English and what do all the lws
Lays and laws represent English started
when Singapore became an independent
nation and introduced English into their
country as a former colony of Britain
Singapore used British English as the
official language for their
administrations if you were a singap
parent at that time it would be the
first time you would have proper classes
and learn about the ABCs but back then
there was only a minority group of
Elites who were proficient in English
the rest of Singapore's population
consisted of the Chinese malays and
Indians who were former migrants and
only spoke their own native languages so